OK I know I've said this before but this is definitely my favorite section because with Jason and Ajax
this opens up the door to get content and interact with other endpoints and other Web sites getting
data back into your javascript application so you can connect to sites like YouTube.
Pull back data.
You can create your own space on files that can sit anywhere on the Internet and they can be pulled
into your web page web application with Page refracts refreshes by using AJAX and Jaison is the perfect
delivery format for data because it's really easy to use.
And when we pull it into javascript we can really easily turn into a javascript object and make use
of it within our code.
So I'm going to show you all of this and bringing Jason data making use of Jaison data and how you can
bring that information into your web page and make use of that as you output content.
We're going to be building out some really cool applications within this section.
So first of all we're going to build out is going to be a party invite where you can select names.
You can check them off.
You can add guests you can add additional names to your list.
And this is all going to be brought in to the application using a J saw and file so you can really easily
store that data and make use of that data.
Also we're going to be looking at local storage so that's another way to store information into the
browser.
And I know we saw a little bit of it before.
So it's worth revisiting because it's a great way to store that data.
So it's persistent within the user's browser.
Next we're going to look at generating a random country and then having to guess that country name.
So there's a number of API that are out there on the Internet that you can access and you can play around
with them.
One of them is this one that's got all the countries and you can pull back country information you can
get things like flags short codes capital cities.
And so we just took all of this information and we're picking one at random.
So random country and we're scrambling the letters and then making it into a guessing game.
So this is a great starting point to really build applications and get familiar with other endpoints
and API eyes and working with Jase on data.
Next we're going to look at how we can set up a youtube search.
So this youtube search will give us the ability to query into the YouTube API and return back search
results for our search term.
And then we can make use of them within our age HTML page and doing all of this via javascript.
So pull it in using an AJAX command.
It's all based on data we parse through it and then we make use of it outputting it into our H.T. a
male web page.
So basically looks like it's actually sitting on our Web page and we can incorporate all of these different
really cool end points to bring data into our applications.
Next we're going to look at building out a dynamic quiz so all of the quizz information is going to
be coming out of a jigsaw file.
So this is going to be sitting somewhere on the Internet and our application is going to make use of
that Jaison data and build out a quiz that's going to be able to score go back forward and we're going
to use a whole bunch of really cool capabilities that we've learned in the earlier sections.
Bring it all together incorporating it into one big exercise.
We're we're going to build out this quiz builder from scratch.
So all of this and a whole lot more is included in the section.
And I know you're excited to jump right in because working with Ajax and Jaison is just opens up the
doors to a whole new world of data that you can make use of within your javascript applications.